# FOSDEM 2023 DNS Developer Room Call for Participation

Hello DNS enthusiasts and other developers,

After three earlier successful and packed DNS devrooms at FOSDEM 2018, 2019, and 2020, we are happy to announce a half-day DNS devroom at FOSDEM 2023.

As with the previous events, we hope to host talks anywhere from hardcore protocol stuff, to practical sessions for programmers that are not directly involved with DNS but may have to deal with DNS in their day to day coding or system administrators responsible for DNS infrastructure.

We have been allotted a room on Saturday the 4th of February 2023, from 15:00 to 19:00 (CET).

If you have something you’d like to share with your fellow developers, please head to pentabarf at https://penta.fosdem.org/submission/FOSDEM23.
Examples of topics are measuring, monitoring, DNS libraries, anecdotes on how you’ve (ab)used the DNS, and group discussions of upcoming technologies.
For the upcoming technologies, we're looking for submissions on Applications Doing DNS (ADD), SVCB/HTTPS records and applications thereof, and stub-resolver configuration.
Here’s the 2020 schedule, for your inspiration: https://archive.fosdem.org/2020/schedule/track/dns/ .

We expect to schedule 30 minutes per talk, including questions, but if you need more or less time, we can discuss this.

The deadline for submissions is December 7th 2022. If you have a FOSDEM Pentabarf account from a previous year, please use that account. Reach out to dns-devroom-manager@fosdem.org if you run into any trouble.

See you there!

Cheers,
The FOSDEM 2023 DNS Devroom organizers
